Somebody drag them down and bury them, baby
You have a big tone
You stinky fish seller, are you courting death?
Ah dad, this girl is going to stay
I want 52 you to shut up
Wow you are stupid why are you hitting me
This kid is useless
Don't kneel down and apologize to him
Dad, are you all right?
Even if I am your illegitimate child
You asked me to give ghosts to such inferior people and poor people
The legend is that the reputation of our old Wei family is unclear
You said you don't want it?
Are you blind?
Do you know who they are?
People are still
Our Wei family's industry will be doomed
You know what?
Your company has to go back and sit on the table with others
Live together in the underground pool
If he's so awesome, can he drive a car and sell fish?
He doesn't sell fish.
This store is mine
I'm the one selling the fish
he
He doesn't sell fish
Dad, don't be angry.
I, I, I'll apologize to him.
I'll apologize to him
This lady
You asked your husband to let me go
Let me go, okay, Ah Wei?
Your son just made me kneel down and teach him dog lessons
Don't let people learn from dogs
I learn, I learn, I learn, I learn.
Wow, wow, wow.
Hey, are you satisfied?
If you are not satisfied
I let him kneel here and learn to bark a dog for a day
One month.